[Docs] PITR: Changes documenting PITR support for YSQL DDL (#9570)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/manage/backup-restore/point-in-time-recovery.md

### YSQL limitations

> * Currently, you can only recover from the following YSQL operations:

Reviewer: No bullet on this line

  * Data changes
  * CREATE and DROP TABLE
  * ALTER TABLE - only ADD, DROP, and RENAME COLUMN

>   * CREATE and DROP INDEX

Reviewer: Outdent these lines

### YSQL limitations

Currently, you can recover from the following YSQL operations:

* Data changes
* CREATE and DROP TABLE
* ALTER TABLE (including ADD, DROP, and RENAME COLUMN)
* CREATE and DROP INDEX

Development for this feature is tracked in [issue 7120](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/7120). Some forthcoming features include:

* Support for other types of ALTER TABLE

> * Handling clusterwide changes such as roles and permissions, tablespaces gracefully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Graceful handling of cluster-wide changes such as roles and permissions, and tablespaces
```
